Write a story ending with, "...... the legend was true after all."

I was the cyber security expert in GOOGLE LLC. Many legends worked under me for entighting the security of the world famous mainling system THE GMAIL which was so wealthier for the hacker to get access to the very personal detainl of approx 1.5 billion innocents.

Everything was gound fair and smoothe in my security department. Even the legends who made this security and were known to all of its security mechanism were unable to crack it. In the same time we were also proctising to get our names in Guiness book of world record for the best security department in the world which was to be held the next day. But their was the one who always told during practise, "I am to crack it, just a second, just a second", but never did was Priyanshu, not actually the legend according to me.

Suddenly, first of 78 conputers got shutdown followed bya message in second "Sending... 7/1470". I was astonished to know that our systems got a security attack. I annouced to the legends to stop this imedditely. All sat except one of the legends. I ordered Priyanshu to let him sit on his computer. This was because one of our computer got closed. The message was reached to 237/1470. We were just left with few of heart beats in the company to ensure those data.

Everyone was typing with almost the speed of light. And the room was filled with sound nonw other thatn keystrokes. One or our PLAYER was faint unfortunately may be due to stress. Priyanshu sat there. the message was now showing "1000/1470 ...ravan". Ravan was may be the name of the hacker. Priyanshu typed a command which speedened the file sending rate and all our computer got turned off within seconds:( I was unable to understand and said to him, "What you did stupid?". He said "Sir just 3 minutes, only 3 minutes." I shouted, "How!". He said, "Sir as our data was encrypted so the hacker will need the decryptor, which I sent him...". I said, "Have you gone mad. Sent the decryptor!". He continued, "Then once he will run the decryptor which will not actually decrypt rather send all our data back to us and terminates from the hacker". How could I believe this guy who only said but never succeed. Those moments were passing like tunneled highway with no lights. We were unable to imagine our future. I saw some computers were rebooting. I checked for the data and fortunately it was safe back. I was with a kind of feeling of relaxation and pleasure that I never had experienced before. 

Priyanshu said, "Sir, hacker is not the one who hacks the computer but is the one who HACKED THE HACKER". Finally the legend was true after all....